Create faq site (#209)
opencloud-eu/docs: docs/admin/50-resources/10-faq.md

</details>

## Cost and Licensing

<details>
<summary>Is OpenCloud free to use?</summary>

Yes, please!

</details>

<details>
<summary>Can I use it for commercial purposes?</summary>

Absolutely!

</details>

<details>
<summary>If OpenCloud is free, how are the employees paid?</summary>

We're glad you asked.
We provide a paid support subscription, see https://opencloud.eu/en/product/service-and-support. With a support subscription you’ll be the first to know about security vulnerabilities and receive detailed instructions on how to address them or how to integrate OpenCloud into your existing systems and storage. We also provide Long-Term-Support if you don't want to upgrade your system so frequently.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Are there educational or non-profit discounts or support plans?</summary>

Please contact sales for such inquiries and we'll find a good sulution.

</details>

## Privacy and Security

<details>
<summary>Does OpenCloud comply with privacy regulations such as GDPR or HIPAA?</summary>

Yes, of course!

</details>

## Features and Functionality

<details>
<summary>What types of files can I store and share with OpenCloud?</summary>

> No restrictions. You can store and share any filetype. If neccessary, you can restrict the upload of certain filetypes like .exe or documents with makros like xlsm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No restrictions. You can store and share any filetype. If necessary, you can restrict the upload of certain filetypes like .exe or documents with macros like xlsm.
```

</details>

<details>

> <summary>Is there a upload file size limit in OpenCloud?</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Is there an upload file size limit in OpenCloud?</summary>
```

No.

</details>

## Data Management

<details>
<summary>Where is my data stored, and can I choose the storage location?</summary>

OpenCloud is a fully self-hosted (on-premise) solution, meaning you have complete control over where your data is stored. You can choose the server and country where OpenCloud will be installed. Unlike SaaS services like Google Drive or Microsoft OneDrive, which store your files on their servers, OpenCloud gives you full control over your data, ensuring privacy and security on your terms.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Does it support integration with third-party storage solutions like S3 Storage?</summary>

Yes, the following storage can be used:

- Posix Storage
- S3ng
- Ceph

</details>

## Support and Community

<details>
<summary>How often is OpenCloud updated, and how are updates delivered?</summary>

**Download updates** on download.opencloud.eu or via docker hub.

OpenCloud is released in three different release types: **Production, Rolling and Daily**. Each of them is targeted to a specific use case and audience group.

</details>

## Migration

<details>
<summary>Can I migrate from ownCloud or Nextcloud?</summary>

> Yes, there will be a migration available at the end of March 2025.

Reviewer: It is already April, so March is no longer in the future.
